---
layout: post
section-type: post
title: The Fox says, "Hukka-hua"
category: flashback
tags: [ 'nostalgia' ]
---

As a toddler I had heightened imagination. I and my sister had imaginary friends who we named Channi and Babarica. When my younger sister was born, we created a new imaginary friend- Trifaula, just to keep up the symmetry in our real and imaginary world. I still have no clue where we got those name. At night when it was time to turn in and we still wanted to play, we were told, "Go to sleep or Dhopdhopi would come to get you." We had never really seen how this DhopDhopi looked like, but I imagined her to be a very old and fragile lady with a curved spine, supporting herself on a walking stick, with green shiny eyes and very shiny silver hair. Back in those days, we used to have a Bhahadur in our colony, who used to walk the street with his stick, hitting it on the ground with each step, to keep us alert during night from theives. I believed it was Dhopdhopi. One good evening, it rained heavily and the lights were out. We were getting cranky. The best way to keep small kids from creating havoc in house is, narrating them a scary story. It will scare them to death and keep them quite for really a long time.

“Who’s knocking at the door at such an hour of night?”

“No one, it’s the storm.”

“It’ very late night. Foxes are howling in the fields of Ullapara, “Hukka-hua’.”

“ What is that sound? Is that the Ekka-gari on the streets?”

“No it’s the thunder.”

“ The puppy is crying since a long time, I am unable to sleep”

“What’s that howling ?”

“ It’s the owls perching in the  Oshottho.”

“The wind is making the door knocker rattle.”

“Is someone crying?”

“No it’s the cat in the kitchen.”

"When we were kids, there had been cases of fox taking kids away tearing down it's body." My father used to tell us stories of his village. The Hunuman and the fox and the cases of them coming at night and carrying away small kids. That kept us from lurking out at night.  I had never seen a fox. 

The backyard with the darkness looming. I saw a pair of red eyes there. I close my eyes and curl near my mother's side. I try to put my arms around her. My sister is already on the otherside of my mother, hands around my mother's waist. The cold air blowing through the window, the howling of the wind.

I liked nursery poems, I had all of them recited when my sister used to do her lessons. 

"She by hearts all the poems in her sister books. Farheen could you be a sweetheart and recite one with acting." This was a famous entertainment act. Act out all you know.

My first interview, I remember for admission to nursuary class, I went unprepared. They asked me counting and alphabet. They asked me, "What more can you do?" I said I can recite poem with acts. I performed Teddy bear. They liked it. Sure they would. I remember them asking me my father's and mother's name. I replied, "I don't remember my mother's name but my father calls her Papia." They laughed. I thought, "Fuck, they are not going to take me."

I cleared it. With good marks. That was my first interview. That's all folks.
