---
layout: post
section-type: post
title: The Fox says, "Hukka-hua".
category: flashback
tags: [ 'nostalgia' ]
---

As a toddler I had heightened imagination. I and my sister had devised imaginary friends Channi and Babarica. When my younger sister was born, we created a new imaginary friend- Trifaula, just to keep up the symmetry in our real and imaginary world. I still have no clue where we got those name. At night when it was time to turn in and we still wanted to play, we were told, "Go to sleep or Dhopdhopi would come to get you." We had never really seen how this DhopDhopi looked like, but I imagined her to be a very old and fragile lady with a curved spine, supporting herself on a walking stick, with green shiny eyes and very shiny silver hair. Back in those days, we used to have a Bhahadur in our colony, who used to walk the street with his stick, hitting it on the ground with each step, to keep us alert during night from thieves. I believed it was Dhopdhopi. One evening, it rained heavily and the lights were out. We were getting cranky. Pro tip: The best way to keep small kids from creating havoc in house is, narrating them a errie story. It will  keep them quite for really a long time.

“Who’s knocking at the door at such an hour of night?”

“No one, it’s the storm.”

“It’ very late night. Foxes are howling in the fields of Ullapara, “Hukka-hua’.”

“ What is that sound? Is that the Ekka-gari on the streets?”

“No it’s the thunder.”

“ The puppy is crying since a long time, I am unable to sleep”

“What’s that howling ?”

“ It’s the owls perching in the  Oshottho.”

“The wind is making the door knocker rattle.”

“Is someone crying?”

“No it’s the cat in the kitchen.”

"When we were kids, there had been cases of fox taking kids away tearing down it's body." My father used to tell us stories of his village. The Hunuman and the fox and the cases of them coming at night and carrying away small kids. That kept us from lurking out at night while we were visiting the village. One of my greatest fear as a child was a pair of red eyes appearing out of thin air in the looming darkness of our backyard. And then the pointed nose and the hairy body and bushy tail of the fox.

My first interview, I remember, it was for admission to nursery class. I counted 1-10 and recited the English alphabets. They asked me, "What more can you do?" I said I can enact a poem if you want me to. I performed "Teddy bear". They gave me a chocolate, which I remember bringing back home to share with my sister. "Tell me your parents name." I asked if I could tell what my father calls my mother, they laughed. I thought, "Sheez, they are not going to take me."

I cleared it anyways. I wasn't very happy though. I had managed to escape the last two play school in the past. But I was never interviewed there. This looked official. There was no chance of escape.

My first play school was 4 houses away from my house. There was this lady, tall with short hair who had a small play school inside her house. My mother send me there. She promised to be there the whole time. It was scam. She wasn't there the whole time as was promised. I threw off all kind of tantrums 5 minutes inside her house. Her house was beautiful though. A hell lot of toys. She handed me a barbie doll.

This doll was beautiful and it didn't have a scribbled face like the one lying in my house. I had scribbled the face of my doll with the blue ball point pen that my father had brought from his office to sign on important looking sheets. I had scribbled on her face to make Bindi, blush and kajal because she had be got married. There were scribbling in her hands too for mehandi and nail polish. But she didn't look as beautiful as I thought she would before scribbling. I was so confused about what I should name her. so finally named my doll "The Girl with No Name".

My eyes twitched. If only I had that blue ball point pen right now, I could scribble this baribie's face. I weighted all options available to me. The deal was if I could stay in the class till the end, the doll would be mine. But the concept of bribery didn't excite me. I handed it back to her and resumed my crying. So she had to call my mother up and she carried me back home. I asked the lady before leaving if I could still have the doll. Well, I couldn't get her.

Second play school, was relatively far. I had to take a rickshaw to reach it. My mother got me ready for school. This seemed bigger than the last one. The same thing happened in here too. 5 minutes into the classroom, she handed me some books, My eyes twitched again. I could scribble all the pages with the blue pen if I took it back home. We played ring-o-ring roses with other small kids. I was missing my mother again. The lady took me to the head's room there, she fed me a samosa to stop me from crying. She said she would sent me back home after I am done with eating. Sounded perfect to me. 


After half an hour, my mother opens the door and finds me wriggling my way into the house. She was surprised how I got to home, I said I was grown up and I know how to get back home. * head palm*.
